# KPL

**Query: return stream from generator in Java.**



===============================第一轮澄清=================================



**Questions:**	**// 从三个不同的aspect对query提出澄清问题**

1: Is it necessary for the returned stream to be compatible with a specified library or framework, or can the stream be generated independently?

2: What type of generator needs to be used to obtain the stream?

3: In which context do you want to return the stream from generator?

**please select question:** 	**// 从以上三个澄清问题中选择一个**

What type of generator needs to be used to obtain the stream?



**Help information:**	**// 帮助信息，可以看作是选项，能够提示用户如何回答**

1\. Random number generator 

2\. Iterator generator 

3\. Sequence generator 

4\. Stream generator 

5\. Generator function



**please input answer:**		**// 比如这里使用了上述第一个选项“Random number generator”，同时作为启发，用户还添加了“pesudo”作为补充**

Answer: pesudo random number generator



**Revised Query:** A **pseudo random number** generator can be used to obtain a stream in Java.	**// 第一轮澄清后的query**



**Recommend APIs:	// 针对第一轮澄清后的query推荐的API**

1\. java.util.Random.nextInt();

2\. java.util.Collection.stream();

3\. java.util.Random.doubles();

4\. java.util.SplittableRandom.nextInt();

5\. java.util.SplittableRandom.doubles();

6.java.util.Random.nextDouble()

7\. java.util.SplittableRandom.ints();



===============================第二轮澄清=================================



**Questions:**

1: What is the data type of the stream generated by the pseudo random number generator?

2: What data type does the stream need to contain?

3: What data type or data types do you want the stream of the pseudo-random number generator to be composed of?

**please select question:**

What data type does the stream need to contain?



**Help information:**

1\. Byte

2\. Float

3\. Char

4\. Boolean

5\. Double



**please input answer:**

Answer: double



**Revised Query:** A pseudo random number generator can be used to obtain a stream **of double values** in Java.		**// 第二轮澄清后的query**



Recommend APIs: 	**// 针对第二轮澄清后的query推荐的API，可以看到用户需要的API被排序到第一位**

**1.java.util.Random.nextDouble()**		**// 用户需要的API**

2.java.util.Random.doubles()

3.java.util.Random.nextGaussian()

4.java.util.Random.ints()

5.java.util.SplittableRandom.doubles()

6.java.util.SplittableRandom.nextDouble()

7.java.util.SplittableRandom.nextGaussian()

8.java.util.SplittableRandom.ints()

9.java.util.stream.DoubleStream.generate()

10.java.util.stream.IntStream.generate()



end==================================




